---
title: "Using Eidogo to embed go boards in your jekyll blog"
layout: post
date: 2018-10-30 19:57
image: /assets/images/go-problem.png
headerImage: true
tag:
- go
- tsumego
- baduk
- eidogo
- jekyll
- javascript
use_math: true
star: true
category: blog
author: bart
description: Easy way to use Eidogo in jekyll blog
---
# Easy way to use Eidogo in jekyll blog
As a newcommer in the world of go I was wondering how to show my progress in my blog.

Nowadays, as a lot of people, I have my blog hosted in github pages. These option is a nice one and has let me learn a little bit about how jekyll and javascript works.

Them our problem is settled: **How can I share my games in my blog?** 

Well, you could use links or photos, but a cool player that let you insert games and go forward or backward would be incredible. So I keep thinking and what came to my main was one of the most used tool to share games: [Eidogo](www.eidogo.com)

So why don't we use this amazing resource made by Justin Kramer to display our games?
What follows is an attempt to do that. 

__**Disclaimer**: I am not an experienced programmer (applied mathematician over here!) and there may be some better options to do this, but just in the spirit to share what I learn (which is the main purpose of this blog) I will show how I did it. This is mean to be easy and fast. Are you thinking about make a plugin about this? Let me know! I'm too!.__

## Setting up

- First create two directories in your assets folder, one for the kifus and other to the script in javascript that contains our visor.

- Then, just go to [Eidogo source](http://eidogo.com/source), and download the code. Be sure to check you have the js folder.

- Copy this js folder to your Go folder in assets

- Finally add this to whatever post you are writing:

```javascript
<script type="text/javascript" src="/assets/go/js/all.compressed.js"></script>
<div class="eidogo-player-auto" sgf="/assets/kifus/ejemplo.sgf"></div>
```
That's all! Behind this easy way of insert go games it is the idea of use the code of Eidogo and inserting our script into jekyll.

## The result
As easy as it is, this work incredibly good for me.Remember you could insert comments with your favourite sfg editor.

Let's see some examples:

### A complete game

<script type="text/javascript" src="/assets/go/js/all.compressed.js"></script>
<div class="eidogo-player-auto" sgf="/assets/kifus/Xie_Yimin-Fujisawa_Rina.sgf"></div>

### A problem

<script type="text/javascript" src="/assets/go/js/all.compressed.js"></script>
<div class="eidogo-player-problem" sgf="/assets/kifus/problemaAGA.sgf"></div>

## Related post and where I find info
I mainly use :
- [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47108702/how-to-add-script-tag-in-jekyll]() to learn how to insert javascript code.
- [http://eidogo.com/source]() to know how to call the player
